org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
com/implen/nanophotometer/nanogap/tablet/BuildConfig.java
 com.implen.nanophotometer.nanogap.tablet.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
com/implen/nanophotometer/nanogap/tablet/MainActivity.java
 com.implen.nanophotometer.nanogap.tablet.MainActivity
net/yoik/cordova/plugins/screenorientation/YoikScreenOrientation.java
 net.yoik.cordova.plugins.screenorientation.YoikScreenOrientation
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileProvider.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileProvider
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileOpener2.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileOpener2
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
integrator-cordova-plugin-downloader/Downloader/Downloader.java
 hr.integrator.cordova.plugins.downloader.Downloader
 hr.integrator.cordova.plugins.downloader.Downloader$1
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/android/plugins/Permissions.java
 com.android.plugins.Permissions
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$1
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$2
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
